Added Animation, Tilemaps, and many more (#24)
twolivesleft/Codea4-Docs: docs/source/api/physics3d.rst

   .. lua:attribute:: body: physics3d.body

>       The body of the collider that was hit by the ray

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The body of the collider which was hit by the ray.
```

      
      .. helptext:: get the raycast hit body

Settings
########

.. lua:class:: settings

   .. lua:attribute:: debugDraw: boolean

>       Draws physics objects in the scene

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Draws physics objects in the scene.
```

      
      .. helptext:: draws physics objects in the scene

   .. lua:attribute:: gravity: vec3

>       Changes the gravity of the physics world

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Changes the gravity of the physics world.
```

      
      .. helptext:: gravity of the physics world

   .. lua:attribute:: paused: boolean

>       Whether you want to paused the physics in a scene

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Get or set whether the physics simulation is paused.
```
